Grilled tomatoes here
how are you all?
Yes, take only 5 minutes
Badinga. (Supposed to say Bazinka ..)
I went back inside
Where I belong.
You know, wherever you talk to people online
Who probably do not know who I am.
I always hit with:
Pfft (high grade sound) happened. Yes, this has happened completely.
Sure you met that person.
Yes, I did, young people,
It's me,
It's you, you guys, I'm in Bidebay. (Soft voice)
Why do not you believe me? 😭😭😭
When I find out why people treat me with this insult,
This disrespect,
The reason for this is the existence of a Redit page based on the publication of these allegations.
Okay?
I am in Bidebay.
I promise you
Stop.
So let's review the top posts on the page (definitely this happened)
You and I, together.
(Explosion) Smash the admiration button.
I went to the mart
To buy a tray of cake dough and a pack of stopper as
A 17-year-old boy was staring at my body
Just looked at me and said everything would be fine. -Another response-
Well said by the way, I am 17 years old
I want you to know that so you can descriptive in your fake text post on Tombler
Basinga, that's right. How can she know that his age was 17? Hmm. I feel that Templer surfers are doing this
Especially I'm a little understand it now I took one leaf and I mean it's easy
We are supposed to take everything in nominal terms
No, no, not me. I am educated. I visit Reddit from time to time
I was in the bank with my five-year-old sister when we heard: "All of us!"
We all stayed except for my sister who says
The theft is wrong
From now on I know that the story will be fantastic
The thieves withdrew and everyone stood and clapped. The bank manager gave us
1000 pounds to save the day. - emoji laugh imogi laugh emoji laugh-
It is possible to be whoosh you know, it is clear that the story falsely intended correctly? - You were deceived by my friend -
I like these tweets from the documented accounts
Everyone dies one day, everyone, even bulls. But not books
No words. Words do not die. - I wrote before: My 3 year old son is much smarter than me
It should be nice to have a three-year-old imaginative person. You do not need to change diapers.
Wonderful. It's like, oh I have this pretty decent gimmick. What if I gave it to my three-year-old, it would be amazing.
In fact this page quit your bullsh * t.
But as you know,
You know that this is true if you start it "literally". I have been denied Camouflage Pants from my old school because,
People continued to make invisible jokes and one teacher suffered a mental breakdown and decided to resign because of them.
Yes, teacher
He decided to leave school because people continued making camouflage jokes.
I understand him, this is what the teacher knows
My English teacher wrote part of a poem I wrote on the painting today,
Which really surprised me. She asked the students to guess from her books, and most of the answers were: "President."
Or "Shakespeare". When the teacher announced that I am from his books
I got applause and then the president came himself to bless me.
Shakespeare of death said: "Well done, this." I have not been lying all my life
This will not happen to me. You will never see PewDiePie on this page.
Teacher: I want everyone to write people who inspire you. * The teacher walks and looks at the paper.
Teacher: Who are these people with colored hair? Anna: They're YouTubeers. Teacher: They're not really inspiring people
They sit at home and talk to the camera all day long.
Me: You stand all the time talking to children who do not care about you all day long
* I continue to write the names of UTOPERS "
This is another one for PewDiePie. I pulled my pants down and pushed them on the screen
Then my mother entered and I said:
Mom do not look at me PewDiePie told me to do. What you really have to say is Mom looks at me
This happened entirely while shopping at Target. I heard a girl say that the boys are very stupid
I answered: "I say it louder to the girls in the back."
Customers responded with a slow clap better
Best Marit experience in Target
Yet the boys are very stupid. Can this video arrive?
5,000 Likes? The boys are very stupid but if she said: women are stupid
Do not call me to comment on the hypocrites. You will not bother right? you are pathetic
Oh my God, I asked this girl in my class about a piece of gum
Every day for the entire semester
Today was my last day and I asked about gums and gave me a full package as a
Parting a gift if it is not something soft I have seen it
So I wrote her number on each piece of gum number one
How do you know the number two order that did not happen? Are you a virgin?
Something similar happened to me the other night
My taxi driver had my life by $ 0.50, Eminem asked me and asked me if I wanted to change it to
The country to which you responded by wrapping the rest of the song lyrics. Then a taxi dressed
Even if it happens, it's just crisp. I do not care if that happens. What about that? How about
Side subreddit you
If I lose this bet I will eat my physics professor who started losing the bet by taking his hat
Dissolves in acid
Neutralizing them with a base, making them pour water in their coffee and in their cup more
It certainly happened as one teacher of course. Oh
No problem for me to eat his hat. I will just dissolve the acid and neutralize it using the face
Why bother people Why bother people okay, just as I feel sleepy like hell
Lmao I thought I put on work shoes came out of the house like a curse
My feet are as cool as hell of course, of course
Whoever does not put his shoes outside and does not notice him on both feet, of course, of course it happens
My high school had such a large number of ames when I had
Break the MCR. They announced this through the Palestinian Authority
Extra display
Counseling that day, what about whether this is true, you are all a bunch of boys. What about that?
Is this a good subreddit?
I was in Dunkin Donuts and asked for three donuts and a full water cup of staff
Thought I said three donuts in a glass of water. Here's a result you can not make this
Yes, you can stop lying. I'm sick of your lies. This did not happen
Do you say she says you threw those cakes? Put these cakes in water? No one else stops her
Get some help and a professor of gender studies told me to go to the subway and take a picture of
A male worker makes me sandwich as an extra label
patriarchy
It's funny that the gender studies certificate only qualifies you to work on the subway
There is no shame in making this evening at the gym man
It looks like something goes bull asking me when I told him that I was a lesbian going
Oh, baby, you know my sister and I work together a lot
She will be here tomorrow at the same time
Like the door only the wings of me the God of Lesbos. We have found a bull image
This is what actually seemed to have happened. What a wonderful story
That's why I hate stories, and I hate telling them about it
I can not believe myself until I tell a story and I do not believe others suddenly.
Yes really.
I hope you will have a great Thanksgiving
In fact, I do not find it fun to celebrate genocide and colonialism. So I spent this
Thanksgiving Blogging
Protest, but thank you. how was yours? The row applauds only ...
They just clap ...
finally. * Applause *
Someone said that.
Someone said that. Thanks.
In fact, I was a professor. It was amazing, and then it did a bounce.
I left a six-figure job at NASA
There are no responsibilities working cook
McDonald's. Do not kidding the happiest I've ever been. Is your name Kevin Spacey?
Do you live in the American beauty world? Is this what happened?
Have you made steaks from the movies and applied them to something special?
Is this it? Pathetic. Not even McDonald's wants you, okay? Despite that at McDonald's, we employ players.
Check out the new Mersch. Link in description.
I bought a plane ticket online and went to the flooded airport and got an inbound plane and now I'm in Sweden
My drunken state of mind is affected, help. This is true indeed. That was me.
I used to go home to see my father and get confused.
This actually happened completely. I feel that the reason why these jobs appear frequently over the Internet is the reason
Face to face, you know I can tell when people are lying. I'm very good at it.
I think most people can tell when someone is lying. Do not really want to face people face to face.
It does not necessarily have to be easier for you to move on to "Wow, what a wonderful story" instead of going ...
I do not think this has happened.
Unless someone I know very closely, if my little neighbor is talking to me, tell me a story
I'm not just going to call them like "yes, no".
"You are full of sh * t."
I think that's why people on Facebook often publish anything, because they're used to keeping away from these lies.
So, it's an interesting phenomenon. What do you think, group? Let me know in the comments.
Tell me a story that definitely happened to you. I'll be very interested to hear that. Thanks for watching this video.
Leave like if you enjoyed check out March Men. I really appreciate the support so far it was amazing
This was a pity pie. Good-bye.